MM-10166 Add MaxImageResolution config setting (#4993)
mattermost/docs: source/configure/configuration-settings.rst

   select member_id, count_transactions_remote_in_applier_queue FROM performance_schema.replication_group_member_stats where member_id=<>

Image Settings
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Maximum Image Resolution
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Maxiumum image resolution size for message attachments in mega pixels. This setting can only be changed from ``config.json`` file, it cannot be changed from the System Console user interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maxiumum image resolution size for message attachments in megapixels. This setting can only be changed from ``config.json`` file, it cannot be changed from the System Console user interface.
```

+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"FileSettings.MaxImageResolution": 33`` with numerical input.     |

Author: @streamer45 - Can you please confirm that the default image resolution configured is correct as documented (and that the ``config.json`` file accepts the value for this config setting in mega pixels, rather than pixels). Thank you!

Reviewer 2: The default is 8K resolution (7680x4320 pixels) which is roughly 33MPx. The config value is in pixels so the default is `33177600`.

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"FileSettings.MaxImageResolution": 33`` with numerical input.     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"FileSettings.MaxImageResolution": 33177600`` with numerical input.     |
```

Reviewer: This change has most likely affected the table so that will need to be checked if this is committed.
